Add NuRaft ADR (#1634)
memgraph/memgraph: ADRs/002_nuraft.md

# NuRaft ADR

**Author**
Marko Budiselic (github.com/gitbuda)

**Status**
PROPOSED

**Date**
January 10, 2024

**Problem**

In order to enhance Memgraph to have High Availability features as requested by

> customers, we want to have a reliable coordinator backed by RAFT. Implementing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
customers, we want to have reliable coordinators backed by RAFT consensus algorithm. Implementing
```

RAFT to be correct and performant is a very challenging task. Skillful Memgraph
engineers already tried 3 times and failed to deliver in a reasonable timeframe
all three times (approximately 4 person-weeks of engineering work each time).

**Criteria**

- easy integration with our C++ codebase
- heavily tested in production environments
- implementation of performance optimizations on top of the canonical Raft
  implementation

**Decision**

There are a few, robust C++ implementations of Raft but as a part of other
projects or bigger libraries. **We select
[NuRaft](https://github.com/eBay/NuRaft)** because it focuses on delivering
Raft without bloatware, and it's used by
[Clickhouse](https://github.com/ClickHouse/ClickHouse) (an comparable peer to

> Memgraph, a very well-established product).

Reviewer 2: What are some of the pros and cons of `NuRaft` itself?

Author: Let's keep ADRs as small as possible, in general, we should discuss pros/cons in a separate Notion document, as a part of a bigger research.
